feat(bzlmod): cross-platform builds without experimental_index_url (#2325)
bazelbuild/rules_python: CHANGELOG.md

{#v0-0-0-fixed}
### Fixed
- The extension evaluation has been adjusted to always generate the same lock
  file irrespective if `experimental_index_url` is set by any module or not.
  Fixes [#2268](https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_python/issues/2268). A known

>   issue is that it may break `bazel query` and in these usecases it is advisable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  issue is that it may break `bazel query` and in these use cases it is advisable
```

>   to use `cquery` until we have `sdist` cross-building from source fully working.

Reviewer: download_only=True is also an option, right? Assuming one is OK with not having sdists

Author: It could be, but I haven't tested with regular requirements files, let me add a unit test to see how that would get wired through.
